SIG Apps annual report 2025 (#8845)
kubernetes/community: sig-apps/annual-report-2025.md

1. What work did the SIG do this year that should be highlighted?

>   - Started cleaning up [examples](https://github.com/kubernetes/examples/) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Modernized and revitalized the [examples](https://github.com/kubernetes/examples/) repository by archiving legacy/unmaintained content and introducing high-impact AI/ML reference manifests.
```
